So we added our own API endpoints to store the image, to upload the image,
let's now comment the other fetch requests back in
and let's send it
when we got the image url which we'll get in the parsed response of this upload request here.
So parsed response which we previously logged to the console will hold an image url property
and it's this url that I also want to store in my firebase database,
so in this then block, I will return this fetch request.
Now you can return a promise in the then block and then chain another then call to this then call,
so this is why it's really convenient to return a promise here which we do, I store the place data here,
the place data is this object but the place data misses the image of course.
So what I'll do is I'll not create the place data up here but I'll create it down here and I will also add
another property image where I access parsed response,
so parseRes.imageUrl, that's the property we're generating on the backend. This is the data we
then store and with this,
we can now chain all these calls to that promise here to know if that then also succeed.
So now what we have is a chain where we first of all upload the image and if that succeeds, we continue
and then we also store the rest of the data on the server, including a link to that stored image. And
once we're done here, then we really got everything stored,
we got the image on the server and we are done.
Now let's test this one more time before we then think about how we would actually present an error
to the user and maybe more important even, how we show the user that something is happening because
right now, the user can spam the share place button because we don't disable it or anything like that.
So let's do this as a next step,
first of all let's save the changed file and reload our react native application
and then let's try this again. I'm logging in here or maybe let's do this on Android,
why don't we do that here
to see that that also works here.
So I reloaded Android,
then I will log in on Android
and here, I now want to pick an image.
There we have to use the camera,
yeah let's shoot this beautiful image here,
I then also want to locate myself
so I'm doing that here,
testing from Android is what we're doing here
and with that, I can share the place
so let's do this.
And now here, we also don't get any feedback
so again this is something we need to improve but should only be a matter of time,
this is also not connected to our react native debugging tool, so we don't see it here either.
We can see once it's done on firebase of course, in the database tab here under all places, there a
new place with an image should get added once it's done, it already is done.
So let's now grab that image url here,
notice this is testing from Android so this is what we just did, paste it into a new tab
and here is the image,
awesome.
So with that, we see it works on both devices,
we also then use it and store it on firebase.
This is all working,
now let's make sure that we also show some feedback to the user.